README.md, before:

## repo contents
- README.md

**DNS/**

Artifacts/
- Analysis spreadsheet.xlsx
- DNS Analysis.pdf
- filtered_fullCapture2025-10-26.pcapng
- mydns_test.py


RawData/
- results.csv
- top500.csv




**NetworkTopology/**

Artifacts/
- Networks Presentation.pdf
- networkTopology.svg

RawData/
- ping_baidu.com
- ping_cs.rin.ru
- ping_db.com
- ping_plato.stanford.edu
- ping_regex101.com
- ping_weizmann.ac.il
- weizmann.ac.il        
- regex101.com 
- plato.stanford.edu.txt 
- db.com            
- cs.rin.ru        
- baidu.com.        

**ReliableTransport/**

Artifacts/
- wireshark.pdf

RawData/
- filtered_trace.pcapng
- radio.garden connect to KLRX.pcapng

**Routing/**

RawData/
- baidu.com_AP
- baidu.com_BP
- carleton_allpaths
- carleton_bestpath
- corndog.io_AP
- corndog.io_BP
- db.com_AP
- db.com_BP
- regex101.com_AP
- regex101.com_BP
- stanford.edu_AP
- stanford.edu_BP
- uct.ac.za_AP
- uct.ac.za_BP
  
Artifacts/
- autonomous-system-diagram.svg
- network-of-networks.svg
- sample.html
- style.css

**Gopher/**

- collab.md
- collab.txt
- gopherClient.py
- gopherServer.py
- README.md
- reflection.txt
- sampleLinks.txt

/content/
- about.txt
- hello.txt
- links.txt

/jokes
- boomerang.txt
- links.txt
- scientists.txt

/riddles
- links.txt
- riddle1.txt
- riddle2.txt

Commit message:

Revise README to reflect project focus and structure
Updated repository description and contents section.

README.md, after:

## Internetworking-Projects
This repository contains a series of hands-on computer networking projects examining how the structure and implementation of the Internet shape real-world communication. Projects span the Hourglass model layers—from application-level protocol implementation (Gopher, DNS) to transport reliability (TCP analysis), Internet-layer routing and topology (IP, BGP), and network measurement using real data.

Through protocol implementation, packet capture analysis, and routing/topology visualization, these projects highlight key design trade-offs such as simplicity vs. functionality, reliability vs. performance, and decentralization vs. control. Together, they demonstrate the Internet as a scalable, best-effort “network of networks” and emphasize clear technical communication through code, data, and visualization.

## Contents
- README.md

**DNS/**

Artifacts/
- Analysis spreadsheet.xlsx
- DNS Analysis.pdf
- filtered_fullCapture2025-10-26.pcapng
- mydns_test.py


RawData/
- results.csv
- top500.csv




**NetworkTopology/**

Artifacts/
- Networks Presentation.pdf
- networkTopology.svg

RawData/
- ping_baidu.com
- ping_cs.rin.ru
- ping_db.com
- ping_plato.stanford.edu
- ping_regex101.com
- ping_weizmann.ac.il
- weizmann.ac.il        
- regex101.com 
- plato.stanford.edu.txt 
- db.com            
- cs.rin.ru        
- baidu.com.        

**ReliableTransport/**

Artifacts/
- wireshark.pdf

RawData/
- filtered_trace.pcapng
- radio.garden connect to KLRX.pcapng

**Routing/**

RawData/
- baidu.com_AP
- baidu.com_BP
- carleton_allpaths
- carleton_bestpath
- corndog.io_AP
- corndog.io_BP
- db.com_AP
- db.com_BP
- regex101.com_AP
- regex101.com_BP
- stanford.edu_AP
- stanford.edu_BP
- uct.ac.za_AP
- uct.ac.za_BP
  
Artifacts/
- autonomous-system-diagram.svg
- network-of-networks.svg
- sample.html
- style.css

**Gopher/**

- collab.md
- collab.txt
- gopherClient.py
- gopherServer.py
- README.md
- reflection.txt
- sampleLinks.txt

/content/
- about.txt
- hello.txt
- links.txt

/jokes
- boomerang.txt
- links.txt
- scientists.txt

/riddles
- links.txt
- riddle1.txt
- riddle2.txt
